1.22 (#11351)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/request_processing/shadowing/_index.md

kind: VirtualService
metadata:
  name: 'default'
  namespace: 'gloo-system'
spec:
  virtualHost:
    domains:
    - '*'
    routes:
    - matchers:
       - prefix: '/petstore'
      routeAction:
        single:
          upstream:
            name: 'petstore'
            namespace: 'gloo-system'
      options:
        shadowing:
          upstream:
            name: 'petstore-v2'
            namespace: 'gloo-system'
          percentage: 100
          disableShadowHostSuffixAppend: true
{{< /highlight >}}

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `shadowing.disableShadowHostSuffixAppend` | If `true`, the `-shadow` suffix is not appended to the `Host`/`:authority` header of mirrored requests. Defaults to `false`. |

### Rewrite the Host header for shadow traffic {#host-rewrite-literal}

If your shadow destination requires a specific `Host`/`:authority` value, such as a different hostname or a hostname with a port, you can use the `hostRewriteLiteral` field to replace the header entirely. The full header value is replaced, so include a port if the shadow destination needs one. The port from the original request is not carried over automatically.

{{% notice note %}}

> Setting `hostRewriteLiteral` implies the `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend: true` setting. 

Reviewer: Does "implies" mean that you do not need to set `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend` when you use `hostRewriteLiteral` because it will just set it to true for you? or does it mean you _must_ set `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend` to true or else this host rewrite will not work?

looking at the config, I am assuming the first. If so, I would not use the word "implies," maybe something like 
```suggestion
The `hostRewriteLiteral` setting automatically enables the `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend: true` setting.
```

{{% /notice %}}

{{< highlight yaml "hl_lines=19-25" >}}
apiVersion: gateway.solo.io/v1
kind: VirtualService
metadata:
  name: 'default'
  namespace: 'gloo-system'
spec:
  virtualHost:
    domains:
    - '*'
    routes:
    - matchers:
       - prefix: '/petstore'
      routeAction:
        single:
          upstream:
            name: 'petstore'
            namespace: 'gloo-system'
      options:
        shadowing:
          upstream:
            name: 'petstore-v2'
            namespace: 'gloo-system'
          percentage: 100
          hostRewriteLiteral: "petstore-v2.example.com"
{{< /highlight >}}

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | `shadowing.hostRewriteLiteral` | Replaces the `Host`/`:authority` header of mirrored requests with this value. Include a port if the shadow destination needs one. Implies `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend: true`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `shadowing.hostRewriteLiteral` | Replaces the `Host`/`:authority` header of mirrored requests with this value. Include a port if the shadow destination needs one. Enables the `disableShadowHostSuffixAppend: true` for you.  |
```
